Robert Green wrote:
> 
> Paul,
> 
> Thanks for your email. Do you have any numbers for percentage of your
> product's use by FoxPro version? 

Here is a table of percentage of total sales per quarter for each 
platform, total for all quarters (bottom) and Quarter percentage of 
overall sales for each quarter (right side). This shows Recover 
version 1.1 and 2.0 but not 1.0 which was only for FPW.

Quarter  FPD FPW FPM VFP3 VFP5 VFP3&5  Q % of all Q's
 96-1     19  52   4   25    0    25     13
 96-2     20  44  18   18    0    18      8
 96-3     16  55   9   20    0    20     11
 96-4     29  38   5   21    7    28     10
 97-1     25  38  13   15    8    23     15
 97-2     22  35   8   11   24    35     16
 97-3     23  35   8    7   27    34     25

    Percentage dist for all quarters
          22  41   9   15   13    28

> It is our impression that DBF corruption has decreased significantly
> over time as FoxPro itself and networks in general have improved.
> Do you share that opinion?

From above sales figures and customer contact, I cannot share this 
view. As you can see Recover utility VFP sales percentage is 
significantly increasing over time, despite the fact that a huge 
percentage of FoxPro copies sold was pre-VFP. I understand that FP 2.6 
copies are still being sold.

Please let me elaborate a little further.

There is one difference which makes it appear that VFP has decreased 
corruption. The most common DBF error in FPW/FPD 2.X was "Not a 
database file" or "Memofile missing/invalid", due to incorrect record 
or memo counter corruption in the file header. What VFP does is not to 
generate the error when this corruption occurs but simply correct the 
counter(s) and ignore the problem. Is that really a better "solution"? 
It does not alert the user that they possibly lost records or memos 
somewhere in order to take corrective steps.

From current customer contact, corruption is often more serious - 
garbage or offset records, messed up memo pointers, etc. With 
humongous software and hardware today - where did Assembler go? - 
glitches have greater probability, whatever the reason - network 
software, FoxPro bugs, O/S bugs, bad network cables, VGA cards (they 
can really mess up tables), power outages... 

The 'Trace' technology I suggested in previous message is VERY 
reliable in recovering records and memos and could seamlesly be built 
right into Visual FoxPro. But what is as equally important is the 
assurance and increased FoxPro reputation such a solution would 
provide to the developer and end user.

Again, I would be glad to get together with you or your staff to 
discuss the 'Trace' technology.
